---
title: She
layout: post
---

- *She* is smart.
- *She* has a different mother tongue than me.
- *She* has travelled to a different country outside of Europe for other reasons than just sea and beaches.
- *She* has a great sense of humour and tolerates my jokes, no matter how over-the-top they are.
- *She* does not mind when I listen to weird music.
- *She* is cute.
- *She* is ambitious.
- *She* does something else than I do.
- *She* thinks tattoos are cool, and if she does not have one, she is thinking about getting one. But no Chinese symbols and other crap.
- *She* likes to do sports.
- *She* knows that in baseball you are not only "hitter" or "fielder".
- *She* is not a soccer fan.
- *She* understands that sometimes I just want to be alone.
- *She* does not smoke.
- *She* is not taller than me.
- *She* likes my friends.
- *She* is a dog-person.
- *She* knows how to drive stick. (OK, I don't insist)
- *She* likes to go to concerts.
- *She* has a pretty smile.
- *She* lives in the same city as me, because long-distance sucks.

Who is *she*? I really have no idea. I just felt like writing this down. This is not a checklist or a template. It's not a list of requirements. I am not going to walk around and tick off individual points, that would be stupid. It's just a list. Perfect people do not exist, we just have to learn to accept some of the imperfections.

*NB: If this post does not make sense to you, don't worry, I am not turning into a whiny hipster, I just felt like ventilating this.*