---
title: "Johnny deep in the B-City"
layout: post
---

I just can't help it. I just love to call Berlin *"The B-City"*. I thought it was quite sad that such a cool place does not have its own cool nickname, because "Berlin" just sounds so plain and bland, so I just made one up. Yeah, this is how we roll in the B-City. OK, maybe it's not the best name ever, but whatever, I'm just gonna drink my Mate and go to Kreuzk&ouml;lln to see the new exhibition of empty Mate bottles or other *not-cool-yet* hipster stuff.

Oh, those stereotypes. If NYC is the hipster capital of the world, Berlin is a very promising runner up. It's a city where working in a startup is not cool anymore, because it's what about half of the population does. It's a city where ironic t-shirts are worn both ironically and non-ironically (or whatever the word is). And it's also the only German city where *baristas* ask for an order in English even before they know you are a non-German. I love the city.

Living in Berlin is, so far, a great experience. Even though getting a room is extremely difficult, and I am still in the process of searching for one, the rest is not only pretty-much foreigner friendly, but also Honza-friendly. Given the number of internationals in the city, English is practically the second official language, just as in Holland (only without the annoying habit to switch to English whenever you hear someone does not speak Dutch properly). Once you get through the bureaucracy, which is mostly in German, getting around the city, talking to people, buying stuff, etc. can happen without a single *Wort*. *Genau!*

Unfortunately, dues to my busy working schedule, the process of getting to know all the different parts of the city and the various places is a little slow. Even though Berlin has this "cozy" feeling of a smaller city, it is still a big, 3M city, and it is virtually impossible to see everything during the first month, especially when you have time only on the weekends. While I've managed to see most of the "famous" things, I still miss the tiny bits and pieces such as unknown bars, small shops with different things etc. Quite frankly, if someone would come to visit me now, I would not know where to take him. Or her. I still don't know about the places only locals go to, all the tiny bars with different IPAs on tap, tasty d&ouml;ner and currywurst places, or music clubs with different live acts every night. But I can tell you I am really looking forward to this exploration process.

I guess some of you might be wondering what do I do here, when not exploring or sleeping. Well, it's quite simple. I am one of the *"product guys"* in a startup called SponsorPay, which focuses on monetization and advertising. My role is, as put by one of my colleagues, to *"make everybody equally unhappy"*. I am the interface between different departments of the company, as well as with some of the clients, and I work on new features, figure out bugs, resolve integrations and do other, completely non-routine tasks. Five weeks in and I still love what I do. I consider that a great beginning of my career.

So, what comes next? Well, since I have recently found a place to stay (and it really is in a hipster part of Berlin!), I have to move my stuff (erm, 1 suitcase) there and start *cozyfying* the place. It is a *2er WG*, which means that I will be sharing the flat with one other person, but as with a job it is not only whether they like you, but also whether you like them, so I am pretty much confident that we will make it work. And then I'll just live my Berlin life to the fullest. *Ach soooooo!*
