---
layout: post
title: "Music makes you wanna dance"
category: 
tags: [music, stuff]
published: false
---
{% include JB/setup %}

_"Honza, you really have a terrible taste in music,"_ he said. My whole musical taste was berated because I said that Missy Elliot sucks. Or is terrible. Or something. I don't know what did I reply, but I think I just mumbled something like _"Yo momma has a terrible taste in music"_ and forgot about it. Because after all, the best thing about music is that there is something for everybody.

To put it simply, I like good music. I like music that has some meaning. I like music that gives me goosebumps and makes me want to [jump around](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9Q0jPyrja0). I like music that is great to sing along. I like music that can bring back good memories. I like music that can make me happy and sad. For example, every time I hear [Promise](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF5O0qH4LLQ) by Eve 6, I remember one terrible relationship and how I was always happy to ride home from a date and listen to that song. It might sound stupid, but I remember the feeling every time I hear it. Another example is [Driving Nowhere](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j995pAofenc) by Hadouken. For unknown reason, I have this track associated with flying and I always listen to it at least once while on the plane. Last year, when coming back for Christmas I put it on repeat and spend the whole 1:20h flight from Amsterdam asleep and listening to this song. And the list could go on

Music I don't like could be divided into two groups -- music I respect and shit. The first comprises artists that I don't really listen to, but i can repsect them because they really do music. Their songs are thought through, their lyrics make sense and when they perform it is __live__, not _"live with autotune and a dude with a CD player"_. Of course, there are many examples, but to name some I would say Florence and the Machine, most of the "classical" alternative stuff (Radiohead, Blur, Smashing Pumpkins, etc.), and thousands of other bands that play genuine and real music.

And now the funny part, the shit. Last week I accidentaly clicked on Nicki Minaj's Super Bass on YouTube. And I was like __"!?"__. Seriously, people, where is the music in that? Where is the effort? Where is the idea, the little details that make you go "wow"? The same goes for LMFAO, Justin Bieber, David Guetta, and other contemporary crap played on MTV. When I imagine that in 20 years people will look back and see that crap as the _"music of the beginning of the 21st century"_, I am sad. The idea that people will remember the aforementioned crap the same way we remember The Beatles or Jimmy Hendrix makes me cry. Or sweat through my eyes, 'cause that's what we real men do.

I know that my bragging won't fix that, but it makes me feel a little better. Moreover, there is still a lot of bands that are worth listening to, so as long as they still exist, I am satisfied. For example, next week Enter Shikari have another sold out concert in Melkweg, which I will attend. And it is going to be EPIC! Just for illustration, this is one of their singles fomr their latest albums:

<ul class="thumbnails">
  <li class="span12">
    <div class="thumbnail">
	<iframe width="640" height="360" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/znQii6mB8Hw?rel=0" frameborder="0">&nbsp;</iframe>
	<h5>Enter Shikari -- Sssnakepit</h5>
    </div>
  </li>
</ul>

Other example of awesome event is Groezrock at the end of April, which lists names such as Refused (!), Rancid, Alkaline Trio, Set Your Goals, Reel Big Fish, Architects, Zebrahead, I Am The Avalanche and many more. Impressive, right..

One last thing. If you happen to read this and like some of the "shitty" bands/artists, don't worry, it does not matter if other people like it or not, the important point is whether it makes you feel good. The last sentence however applies only to music..:D
