---
title: two-oh-fourteen
layout: post
---

> "So, did you make 2013 your bitch?" he asked me, with a smirk.  
> "Umm, I am not sure," I replied, "but I definitely tried."

This has been quite a peculiar year. I finally moved to a new apartment, freeing myself from the pain of sharing an apartment with someone. I also did some serious travelling, from impromptu trips in Europe to the two week vacations in Guatemala. I got promoted, losing the "junior" prefix and becoming a "regular" product manager. On top of that I learned an incredible amount of new things and grew both personally and professionally. Generally speaking, I think this was the most exciting year of my life. And I still want to top it.

To an extent, 2013 was easy. The learning curve was so steep and I had so much free capacity that it was just a matter of seizing the opportunity and making the best out of it. It's simple to start from zero and grow, what is difficult is to sustain the growth when going one extra step is getting more and more difficult.

I already know that 2014 will be tough as hell. Expectations of both me and others are set high, and I am determined to still exceed them. And I am not talking just about work. Being an adult encapsulates so many different things that it almost sounds unfair. Why can't I be a careless student again? Oh, right, the whole "grow up and become responsible" thing.

So, did I make 2013 my bitch? I'd like to believe so. Will I make 2014 my bitch as well? I certainly hope so, even though it's gonna be a much fiercer beast to tame. Fortunately I am surrounded by awesome people that will give me a hand whenever it bites back. 

That said, I hope you'll have an awesome New Year's Eve, wherever you are. Take care, don't do crazy shit, and have a great 2014 full of success, love, luck, money, health, and the rest of the important stuff. As I said last year, work hard, play hard, don't forget to have fun, and, most importantly, make 2014 your bitch. Again.